Fix typos and improve wording (#414)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/files.md

## File Locations

Files used by Anki are stored in the Anki folder. The location of it 
depends on the operating system.

### Windows

> Folder location: `%APPDATA%\Anki2`

Author: I would like the path to be on its own line so it's very easy to find when browsing the manual. It's hard to find the path in a sentence. Do you thinks it's better to remove the path in L33 and just call it "path" or something?

> Folder location: `%APPDATA%\Anki2`

Author: Why would it be bad?

> You can turn this into a two/three item list.

what do you mean?

> Folder location: `%APPDATA%\Anki2`

Author: Windows

Folder location:￼

```
%APPDATA%\Anki2
```

You can access it by opening the file manager and typing the path above in the location field.

---

How about this? I think this is not confusing since it says "the path above" and I use a code block to make it full-width and visually easy to find.

Also I don't use Windows, shouldn't it be File Explorer instead of file manager?

> Folder location: `%APPDATA%\Anki2`

Reviewer: Yes, "File Explorer" is better for a Windows specific instruction. But let's discourage typing too, since you've got it in a copy-able codeblock. Maybe call it "entering" or "pasting" instead? 

"Location Field" is also weird wording. In File Explorer, I think it's generally called the "Address Bar" (just like in a web browser).

> Folder location: `%APPDATA%\Anki2`

Reviewer: Sounds good. I'm only re-opening this thread so I remember to look at this page in full now that the dust has settled.

You can access it by opening the file manager, and
typing `%APPDATA%\Anki2` in the location field. Older versions of Anki
stored files in a folder called `Anki` in your `Documents`
folder.

### Mac

Folder location: `~/Library/Application Support/Anki2`

> You can access it by opening Finder, CMD + Shift + G, and typing in

Author: thx. fixed in b4a12f7bf14443beac992cba20af63d9dc55935c

## File Locations

> Files used by Anki are stored in the Anki folder. The location of it 

Reviewer: [I remember writing a comment about this yesterday, but it seems to have vanished! 🤷🏽]

```suggestion
Your data is stored in the `Anki2` folder. The location of it 
```

The problem with calling it the "Anki" folder is that the user files described here are actually stored in the `Anki2` folder now -- as distinguished from the `Anki` folder where the program is stored (somewhere else). [And the secondary problem is that we're also going to describe the "old" location where the user-files folder was still called "Anki."] 

It's an important separation for users who are having setup/install/upgrade issues and for users who are trying to preserve their collection -- their important data is all in `Anki2`. I'm trying to work out how to thread that needle here.

Author: that makes sense

depends on the operating system.

### Windows

Folder location:

```
%APPDATA%\Anki2
```

> To access the folder, open File Explorer and paste the path above in the address bar and hit <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the folder, open File Explorer, paste the path above in the address bar, and hit <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
```

> Older versions of Anki store files in a folder called `Anki` in your `Documents` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions of Anki stored files in a folder called `Anki` in your `Documents`.
```

Is there a reason for such different wording between here and the Mac section? 
> Older versions of Anki store files in your `Documents/Anki` folder.

As a Windows user, I think "in a folder called Anki in your Documents" sounds natural. [Documents is more of a place than a folder. And lately it's called a "Library" when you really look closely.] If Mac users would similarly gravitate toward "in your Documents/Anki folder" as natural -- then that's reason enough for me.

Author: > As a Windows user, I think "in a folder called Anki in your Documents" sounds natural. [Documents is more of a place than a folder.

I will adopt your suggestion for the Windows section since I'm not a regular Windows user.

> Older versions of Anki store files in `$HOME/Documents/Anki`.
Commit suggestion

Current Linux section uses `~` instead of `$HOME`. I think `~` is quite common to see but if you think `$HOME` is preferred please send a commit suggestion at https://github.com/ankitects/anki-manual/blob/13845f1c4af0d2721718e99a38a0af13f0cc7d1b/src/files.md?plain=1#L76

> ### Mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### MacOS
```

Folder location:

```
~/Library/Application Support/Anki2
```

> To access the folder, open Finder, press <kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>G</kbd>, and paste the path above in the input field and hit <kbd>Enter</kbd>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the folder, open Finder, press <kbd>Command</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>G</kbd>, paste the path above in the input field, and hit <kbd>Enter</kbd>. 
```

> The `~/Library/` folder is hidden by default, but can be revealed in Finder by holding the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Library` folder is hidden by default, but can be revealed in Finder by holding the
```
That looks less weird to me, since you're only talking about that one folder, not the path. But I defer to anyone who has actual experience with what a Mac user would expect. (At the very least, it shouldn't end with a `/`."

Author: I'm a mac user and I think the person originally wrote it made that distinction because there are multiple Library folders. But I get what you're saying. I'll rewrite this part later.

Relevant doc: https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mac-help/mchlp1236/mac#:~:text=Go%20to%20a%20folder%20by%20entering%20its%20pathname

<kbd>Option</kbd> key while clicking on the **Go** menu.

> Older versions of Anki store files
> in your `Documents/Anki` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions of Anki stored files
in your `Documents/Anki` folder.
```
(and see above)

### Linux

Folder location:

```
~/.local/share/Anki2
```

If you have set a custom data path, the folder location is:

```
`$XDG_DATA_HOME/Anki2`
```

If you are using a third-party **Flatpak** build, the folder location is:

```
~/.var/app/net.ankiweb.Anki/data/Anki2
```

> Older versions of Anki store your files in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions of Anki stored your files in
```

`~/Documents/Anki` or `~/Anki`.

> ### Inside the Anki Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inside the Anki2 Folder
```

The program-level and profile-level preferences
are stored in a file called `prefs.db`.

There is also a separate folder for each profile, e.g. `User 1`.

Each profile folder contains:

> - Your notes, decks, cards and so on in a file called `collection.anki2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your notes, decks, cards, review history, etc. in a database file called `collection.anki2`
```
Doesn't that "and so on" sound strange there? Something about it being in the middle of the sentence -- "and so on in a" -- throws me off. (And yes, I know that "etc." means the same thing!)
